docs: update references to `NoteId`; re-phrase the section on `RECIPIENT` computation (#2947)
0xMiden/protocol: docs/src/note.md

#### Note recipient restricting consumption

Every `Note` has a RECIPIENT, represented as 32 bytes, that commits to the data defining the conditions under which the note can be consumed. The RECIPIENT is computed as:

```arduino
hash(hash(hash(serial_num, [0; 4]), script_root), storage_commitment)
```

> The RECIPIENT is not necessarily just an account address. Its pre-image consists of the note's serial number, script, and storage. To consume a note, the transaction must provide this data so the [transaction prologue](transaction) can recompute the RECIPIENT and verify that it matches the committed note details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RECIPIENT is not necessarily just an account address. Its pre-image consists of the note's serial number, script, and storage. The consumer of the note must provide this data so the [transaction prologue](transaction) can recompute the RECIPIENT and verify that it matches the committed note details.
```

> the transaction must provide this data

Nit: This reads a bit off.
